Ritu’s experience trekking down the hill, libre mesh installation and its benefits.
Dinesh’s surprise to the number of people turning up for trekking and
other meaningful conversations henceforth.
Talanth’s experience attending the wifi mesh installation with the locals,
A participant from Nepal, having similar cultural topology,
narrating his experience of the place and activities.
Another participant narrating her experience attending Libre route installation
Speaker’s experience attending radio mesh workshop and digital community services.
Madhuvanthi recollecting the experience and process deploying community mesh and radio.
Govardhan from Protovillage narrates his experience knowing and involving in community mesh workshop.
Shalini recollects an unexpected event and how Shilpa’s music changed the mood and setting of the environment.
Dinesh agrees and recollects the experience of Siddavva and other participants.